---
layout: post
title:  "My website is up!"
date: 2021-08-10 21:05:51 +0800
categories: none
---

I finally decided to set up my website. I'd like to achieve these goals:

1. This website should be static and hosted on github-page (instead of my own
   servers). I want to maximize my freedom of controlling the content while
   avoiding doing IT operations myself.
2. The publication list should be readable, useful, and complementary to
   indexing services such as Google Scholar. It should give some aesthetic
   pleasure and contain related information such as code and bibtex for each
   paper. The list should be sorted by topic categories, unlike most academic
   websites that sort papers chronologically or alphabetically, which is already
   covered by Google Scholar.
3. I should be able to publish blog posts on this website. I hope I can write
   more in the future about various topics, including paper explanation,
   technical tips, research philosophy, and everything else. Having said that, I
   won't promise any bounds on update frequency for this blog :)
4. The website should look great on both desktop and mobile screens, in major
   modern browsers (even with JavaScript disabled), and also in text-only
   browsers (such as ELinks).

After checking out a few options, I decided to develop the website myself to
meet my goals, starting from the minima theme that comes with Jekyll. I have not
been working on front-end development for quite some years. This time I learned
something new and useful: [cdnjs.com](https://cdnjs.com/) provides a great cache
for javascript and CSS libraries, and [Font Awesome ](https://fontawesome.com)
and [Academicons ](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons) provide useful icon
sets. The source code of this site is hosted on [github][selfaddr] and you are
welcome to adopt it :)

[selfaddr]: <https://github.com/jia-kai/jia-kai.github.io>
